Document removal of allowing nodes and rels on RHS of SET properties … (#1069)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

'\u202D', '\u202E', '\u2060', '\u2061', '\u2062', '\u2063', '\u2064', '\u2066',
'\u2067', '\u2068', '\u2069', '\u206A', '\u206B', '\u206C', '\u206D', '\u206E',
'\u206F', '\u2E2F', '\uFEFF', '\uFFF9', '\uFFFA', '\uFFFB'

a|
label:functionality[]
label:removed[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
MATCH (n)-[r:REL]->(m) SET n = r;
MATCH (n)-[r:REL]->(m) SET n += r;
MATCH (n)-[r:REL]->(m) SET r = n;
MATCH (n)-[r:REL]->(m) SET r += n;
----
a|

> Using a `NODE` or `RELATIONSHIP`, instead of a `MAP`, on the RHS of a `SET` properties clause is no longer supported.
> Use the xref:functions/scalar.adoc#functions-properties[properties()] function instead to get the map of properties of nodes/relationships that
> can then be used in the `SET` clause:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a `NODE` or `RELATIONSHIP` instead of a `MAP` on the RHS of a xref:clauses/set.adoc[`SET`] properties clause is no longer supported.
Instead, use the xref:functions/scalar.adoc#functions-properties[`properties()`] function to get the map of properties from nodes or relationships, which can then be used in the `SET` clause.
```
